---
visibility: PUBLIC
---


#  Sync Meeting 22.09.2022.

 **Topics:**

- Collaboration repo created, shared...

**Issues:**
(diff from previous meeting)
 - Analysis of BeforeSend hook impact on Osmosis modules [#2613](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/issues/2613) 
 - Impact analysis of Before Send Hook on Osmosis wasmbinding [#2629](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/issues/2629)
 - Full token factory Before Send Hook impact on IBC [#2633](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/issues/2633)
 - Impact of Before Send Hook on BurnFrom and ForceTransfer [#2717](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/issues/2717)
 - BurnFrom and ForceTransfer impact on Cosmos SDK Core modules [#329](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/cosmos-sdk/issues/329)
 - BurnFrom and ForceTransfer impact on Osmosis modules [#2779](https://github.com/osmosis-labs/osmosis/issues/2779) 
Next steps:
- Feedback for this Q3 audit work 
- Some other points/problematic places that you think we should consider?
- Will there be any changes in the Full powered token factory design?

Agreement on Q4 audit scope and possible starting dates? 

**MoM:**
- An Osmosis lab team member is appointed to go through the issues reported, then we could discuss them further or confirm that changes implemented are inline with the impact analysis and suggestions.
- Feedback: 
    - Nothing else left to analyze for this phase of the project
    - Level of the audit analysis details was sufficient for osmosis lab team to know which specific places in the code or design flaws need to be changed
- Q4 agreements:
   - continue with GAMM module
   - There are some issues with rounding errors in complex mathematical functions in TWAP calculations, that could be a possible focus for Informal, if agreed 
   - kick-off meeting would be on October 6th (next sync meeting appointment)
   - meeting with Andrey and MBT team will be arranged by Shelley - to see if Atomkraft could be used as a tool that generates inputs to existing simulation tests for GAMM

- Next steps for Informal team: 
   - try to set up the osmosis locally, spin the relayer and prepare the environment for running e2e tests.
   - check out the existing testing practices with Osmosis
   - wait for possible discussions/reviews of changes on GitHub regarding Q3 audit 




